1 artiq integration (#2)
quantumion/PyVCAM: README.md

* The latest PVCAM and PVCAM SDK which can be downloaded [here](https://www.photometrics.com/support/software/#software).
* PyVCAM was developed and tested using Microsoft Windows 10/64-bit. The build package also supports Linux, but testing has been minimal.

## ARTIQ Integration with [Network Device Support Packages (NDSP)](https://m-labs.hk/artiq/manual/developing_a_ndsp.html)
### Initial Setup

> 1. Clone the [sipyco](https://github.com/m-labs/sipyco) repository into your Projects folder with the command ```git clone git@github.com:m-labs/sipyco.git```.
> 2. Clone this repository into your Projects folder with the command ```git clone git@github.com:quantumion/PyVCAM.git```.
> * **Note:** The following steps 3-4 may be skipped if installation is to be done on disk - virtual environment usage is not a requirement.
> 3. Navigate into your PyVCAM folder and create a virtual environment with ```virtualenv venv```. 
> 4. Activate your virtual environment with ```source venv/bin/activate```.
> 5. Navigate into your sipyco directory, and run ```pip install .```.
>     * This installs the sipyco package into your PyVCAM environment.
> 6. Activate the PyVCAM setup process by running ```pip install .```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repository into your Projects folder with the command ```git clone git@github.com:quantumion/PyVCAM.git```.
* **Note:** The following steps (2-3) may be skipped if installation is to be done on disk - virtual environment usage is not a requirement.
2. Navigate into your PyVCAM folder and create a virtual environment with ```virtualenv venv```. 
3. Activate your virtual environment with ```source venv/bin/activate```.
4. Install PyVCAM by running ```pip install .```.
```
The user should not have to install `sipyco` manually if out set up script is correct. Does the set up script in fact not run correctly if the user has not previously installed `sipyco` into their environment?

Author: Yes, sipyco needs to be installed into environment first, else `setup.py` returns
```ERROR: Could not find a version that satisfies the requirement sipyco (from pyvcam) (from versions: none)
ERROR: No matching distribution found for sipyco```
changed setup.py to include git link such that separate installation is not needed

### Controller Activation
* Run ```python -m pyvcam```.

> * Add flags to specify parameters. Add ```-h``` to see a list of flags.

Reviewer: Double-check: does this actually work as expected (even with the description argument removed)?

Author: Yes

* To specify a port, run with ```python -m pyvcam -p <port number>```. The default port is ```3249```.
    * **NOTE:** You need to modify your ```device_db.py``` file if you have changed the port number.
    
### ARTIQ Experiment Setup
* In your ```device_db.py``` file, you will need to specify a remote port that your environment will connect to, as specified in the [NDSP](https://m-labs.hk/artiq/manual/developing_a_ndsp.html) guide.
```
device_db = {
    "pyvcam": {
        "type": "controller",

>         "host": "::1",

Reviewer: Please add comment indicating that the host must be changed if running the controller on a separate host from the one running the ARTIQ experiment (i.e. not the `localhost`).

        "port": 3249, # Change this for a different port number
        "command": "python /path/to/pyvcam -p {port}"
    }
    ... # The rest of your device_db
}
```
* In every ARTIQ experiment, you will need to initialize a pyvcam device within the ```build``` function.
```
def build(self):
    self.setattr_device("pyvcam")
```

### Usage
* Camera functions run like a normal function with ```self.pyvcam.<function>()```.
* Functions with argument parameters may be input into parenthesis.
* Example usage:
```
print(self.pyvcam.gain())           # prints current gain value as int
self.pyvcam.set_gain(1)             # sets gain value to 1
```

### How to use the wrapper
#### Single Image Example

> This captures a single image with a 20 ms exposure time and prints the values of the first 5 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This captures a single image with a 20 millisecond exposure time and prints the values of the first 5 pixels.

```
Explicit description.

```
# A camera object self.pyvcam has already been created

> frame = self.pyvcam.get_frame(exp_time=20)

Reviewer: Please add a comparison table similar to the one you have in the Changing Settings Example section below.

print("First five pixels of frame: {}, {}, {}, {}, {}".format(*frame[:5]))
```

#### Changing Settings Example
This is an example of how to change some of the settings on the cameras. Due to the implementation of the driver class, functions must also be modified from their default style. Follow the style in the "Driver Wrapper" column as shown below.

> * A camera object self.pyvcam has already been created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Given that a camera object cam/self.pyvcam has already been created:

```
Account for both columns in table.

* The latest PVCAM and PVCAM SDK which can be downloaded [here](https://www.photometrics.com/support/software/#software).
* PyVCAM was developed and tested using Microsoft Windows 10/64-bit. The build package also supports Linux, but testing has been minimal.

## ARTIQ Integration with [Network Device Support Packages (NDSP)](https://m-labs.hk/artiq/manual/developing_a_ndsp.html)
### Initial Setup
1. Clone the [sipyco](https://github.com/m-labs/sipyco) repository into your Projects folder with the command ```git clone git@github.com:m-labs/sipyco.git```.
2. Clone this repository into your Projects folder with the command ```git clone git@github.com:quantumion/PyVCAM.git```.
3. Navigate into your PyVCAM folder and create a virtual environment with ```virtualenv venv```. 
4. Activate your virtual environment with ```source venv/bin/activate```. Install numpy by running ```pip install numpy```.
    * **Note:** Steps 3-4 may be skipped if installation is to be done on disk.
5. Navigate into your sipyco directory, and run ```pip install .```.
    * This installs the sipyco package into your PyVCAM environment.

> 6. Activate the PyVCAM setup process by running ```python setup.py install```.

Reviewer: Double-check this setup advice:
- If we set up the install script correctly, the user should not need to manually install dependent packages.
- Rephrase so that it doesn't appear that the installation _depends_ on a virtual environment. Using some sort of environment manager is a best practice, not a requirement (hopefully).
- Installation using `python setup.py install` is outdated. Does this package work with the more modern `pip install .`?

Author: Yes, it does work with `pip install .`

### Controller Activation

> * Navigate to ```/src/``` folder and run ```python -m pyvcam```.

Reviewer: After installation, the user should be able to call the module using this invocation from _anywhere_ (as long as the package is correctly installed in the current environment). Is this true for this package? If not, why?

* Add flags to specify parameters. Add ```-h``` to see a list of flags.
* To specify a port, run with ```python -m pyvcam -p <port number>```. The default port is ```3249```.
    * **NOTE:** You need to modify your ```device_db.py``` file if you have changed the port number.
    
### ARTIQ Experiment Setup
* In your ```device_db.py``` file, you will need to specify a remote port that your environment will connect to, as specified in the [NDSP](https://m-labs.hk/artiq/manual/developing_a_ndsp.html) guide.
```
device_db = {
    "pyvcam": {
        "type": "controller",
        "host": "::1",
        "port": 3249, # Change this for a different port number

>         "command": "python ~/Projects/QuantumIon-ARTIQ-System/pyvcam/aqctl_pyvcam.py -p {port}"

Reviewer: Please replace this with a generic path-to-file placeholder. This code will live in different locations on different machines for different users.

    }
    ... # The rest of your device_db
}
```
* In every ARTIQ experiment, you will need to initialize a pyvcam device within the ```build``` function.
```
def build(self):
    self.setattr_device("pyvcam")
```

> * Run a Nix environment with ```nix develop```.
> * You can now run files with the ```artiq_run``` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
These instructions are a little ambiguous/specific to our ARTIQ setup. I think we can omit them and delegate the instructions for running ARTIQ code to other projects.

### Usage
* Camera functions run like a normal function with ```self.pyvcam.<function>()```.
* Functions with argument parameters may be input into parenthesis.
* Example usage:
```
print(self.pyvcam.gain())           # prints current gain value as int
self.pyvcam.set_gain(1)             # sets gain value to 1
```

### How to use the wrapper
#### Single Image Example
This captures a single image with a 20 ms exposure time and prints the values of the first 5 pixels.
```
# A camera object named cam has already been created
frame = self.pyvcam.get_frame(exp_time=20)
print("First five pixels of frame: {}, {}, {}, {}, {}".format(*frame[:5]))
```

#### Changing Settings Example
This is an example of how to change some of the settings on the cameras.
```
# A camera object self.pyvcam has already been created
self.pyvcam.exp_mode(1792)  # sets the exposure mode to be 'Internal Trigger'
self.pyvcam.set_readout_port(0)
self.pyvcam.set_speed_table_index(0)

> self.pyvcam.set_gain(1)

Reviewer: I like the help for setting up the control. Instead of overriding the help, put in a comparison between the bare class and the driver wrapper. A table may be useful.

* The latest PVCAM and PVCAM SDK which can be downloaded [here](https://www.photometrics.com/support/software/#software).
* PyVCAM was developed and tested using Microsoft Windows 10/64-bit. The build package also supports Linux, but testing has been minimal.

## ARTIQ Integration with [Network Device Support Packages (NDSP)](https://m-labs.hk/artiq/manual/developing_a_ndsp.html)
### Initial Setup
1. Clone this repository into your Projects folder with the command ```git clone git@github.com:quantumion/PyVCAM.git```.

> * **Note:** The following steps (2-3) may be skipped if installation is to be done on disk - virtual environment usage is not a requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Note:** The following steps (2-3) may be skipped if installation is to be done in the default/user specified environment- virtual environment usage is not a requirement.
```
Clarity.

* To specify a port, run with ```python -m pyvcam -p <port number>```. The default port is ```3249```.
    * **NOTE:** You need to modify your ```device_db.py``` file if you have changed the port number.
    
### ARTIQ Experiment Setup
* In your ```device_db.py``` file, you will need to specify a remote port that your environment will connect to, as specified in the [NDSP](https://m-labs.hk/artiq/manual/developing_a_ndsp.html) guide.
```
device_db = {
    "pyvcam": {
        "type": "controller",
        "host": "::1", # Change this for a different host
        "port": 3249, # Change this for a different port number
        "command": "python /path/to/pyvcam -p {port}"
    }
    ... # The rest of your device_db
}
```
* In every ARTIQ experiment, you will need to initialize a pyvcam device within the ```build``` function.
```
def build(self):
    self.setattr_device("pyvcam")
```

### Usage
* Camera functions run like a normal function with ```self.pyvcam.<function>()```.
* Functions with argument parameters may be input into parenthesis.
* Example usage:
```
print(self.pyvcam.gain())           # prints current gain value as int

> self.pyvcam.set_gain(1)             # sets gain value to 1

Reviewer: Please add a comparison usage table here as well.
